spoon photo
that the video fell in love with a fool all big
hi i got back to you with enough
an interesting topic that I generally think about
learning that my motivates that you can
motivate and i think it is
quite interesting and controversial topic
because everyone has their own
opinion and i'm sure that most
viewers did not agree with me because
I don't know, but now this opinion
youth that something happened but I
slightly different opinion and I wanted with you
today to share and ask you what
you think on this topic you can
write your thoughts in the comments or
to me in a personal message so that it was
so let's say anonymously and yes I will be glad
if you write your reasoning this
very interesting and since this video I
rented together with Dasha such
Blonde
you can go to her channel she removes
interesting video before she starred
Friend, by the way, I've been watching their channel
and recently my written off such uh come on
take off let's combine here so what if
you wonder what she thinks about it
about me by the way is also interesting so
call on her channel and link in description
as always
so I don't even know where to start
I'll probably start by saying that
and now many many many with me not
agree, and now I will tell you how
I think the bulk of young people like her
now reason they think that
education study and assessment is not important
there are such cases that a man is terrible
study he did not finish school he was
some twos but in life he has achieved very
a lot of hair a popular rich
successful and so on for example there are
a man with higher education and he
working in mcdonalds at checkout and if
honest i don't agree yes definitely
such cases when people do not learn
many are making huge strides already
but there is a lot here but who gives you
guarantee that you will reach the top if you
can not make an effort heaps how
you will achieve something let's start
probably with
what's the most improvement now
many schoolchildren i don't know many people
love to compare themselves with others for example
with their peers
and constantly constantly compare and
unconditionally in the world
everywhere there are people who are better than you you are not
can be the perfect serious you
can be the best in some
a certain industry is always on him
there will be people who will be better than you in
anything
him all of course about some part in
some industry some skill
people like to chase after others and
compete and don't say that
competition is bad but here is another
meaning that you are constantly
comparing yourself with some
an excellent student this is what the hell am I
stupid how stupid i am you can't do that
you can’t compare yourself with other people
who achieve something in the first place
I think you need to compete with yourself
yourself past need
stop better like you should
be better now than yesterday i know
many such people even from my class
and these are the people who worked on
after a while
overtook the rest in school and you have everything
get the most important of these goals and not to sit
on the pope exactly and wait for some
magic and miracles will not happen
you just need to work, I still think
that you need to try to study and you
there must be a lot of motivation I don't know
at least just please yourself parents
your family to be proud of you and you
will respect here you know in primary
Excellent classes were not respected simply
children don't understand they think that
honors students are some nerds for glasses
boring
food in childhood still here for example even
in our class and special
excellent students but when you grow up and
when you are already in the eighth seventh 9 10
childhood class if you
An excellent student how to tell us if you just
know learn try
and then you get good marks for you
begin to respect here seriously at us in
classroom
respect those who study well I, too
I respect such people, but it’s not important
go too far and does not study day and night
of course maybe I am a little bit now
conflicting things I say but need
just finding the balance you need
pay huge attention because i
planted her eyesight because of the books and
I memorized it for sure now I wear glasses
constantly and try to study need
also in the measures they are too driven
just recently I have such a period that I
everything is shorter with just blow up and brain
exploded from studying
but my father said to me that should not be so
get nervous and spend your nerve cells
on this ie it is necessary to find the gold
the middle does not bend too far
not to be broken I really hope that
you understand my opinion that I wanted to you
say i know that everyone is different
situations and speak for everyone i can't
because the teacher's serious reason
just a nightmare and the impossibility is not me
how to study i know it all happens in
classmates it's horrible to me
probably with luck and I like that
it's easier to talk about it because I
lucky with classmates with pins and me
I want to give you another little advice
and quarrel with the teachers is the same
that you can't quarrel with your parents just
shut up
I certainly understand that you are so cool and
you want to cheat on a teacher but you know
it did not help you in future teachers they
still not rated objectively but
subjectively if the teacher see you
are trying
what really you make an effort you
working in the classroom and at home he already has
respects you as a student and there are even
that estimates put more so free
total if the student is a bad student avid then
he is immediately asked he is so not ready
caught 2
it was such a short video with a mass
information what i think i am
I hope you understood me correctly
because here is such a fine line of it
for you, then probably all that I am to you
wanted to say do not forget to write your
opinion in the comments I'm sure that
you other thoughts maybe you are with me
agree disagree is your right
nothing today, according to this
ok i'm waiting for your comments
love you us already i'm so glad thank you
huge
and soon there will be a vlog like you and I wanted
such an island la throws on my
VKontakte page
what video do you want and yet block
block we want thanks for watching
see you all possible services to people
but not all possible yet but by
traditions